c:\users\valeriya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\program1\program1\bin\Debug\program1.exe.config
c:\users\valeriya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\program1\program1\obj\Debug\program1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\valeriya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\program1\program1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\valeriya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\program1\program1\obj\Debug\Student.baml
c:\users\valeriya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\program1\program1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\valeriya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\program1\program1\obj\Debug\Student.g.cs
c:\users\valeriya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\program1\program1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\valeriya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\program1\program1\obj\Debug\program1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\valeriya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\program1\program1\obj\Debug\program1.g.resources
c:\users\valeriya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\program1\program1\obj\Debug\program1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\valeriya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\program1\program1\obj\Debug\program1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\valeriya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\program1\program1\obj\Debug\Teacher.baml
c:\users\valeriya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\program1\program1\obj\Debug\Teacher.g.cs
c:\users\valeriya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\program1\program1\obj\Debug\Pages\StudentPage.baml
c:\users\valeriya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\program1\program1\obj\Debug\Pages\TeacherPage.baml
c:\users\valeriya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\program1\program1\obj\Debug\Pages\StudentPage.g.cs
c:\users\valeriya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\program1\program1\obj\Debug\Pages\TeacherPage.g.cs
c:\users\valeriya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\program1\program1\bin\Debug\program1.exe
c:\users\valeriya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\program1\program1\bin\Debug\program1.pdb
c:\users\valeriya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\program1\program1\obj\Debug\program1.exe
c:\users\valeriya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\program1\program1\obj\Debug\program1.pdb
c:\users\valeriya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\program1\program1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\valeriya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\program1\program1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\valeriya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\program1\program1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\valeriya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\program1\program1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\valeriya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\program1\program1\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\valeriya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\program1\program1\obj\Debug\Dictionary.baml
c:\users\valeriya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\program1\program1\obj\Debug\App.baml
